Ladies and gentlemen!
Please welcome Mr. Jay Norris to the stage!
Hey.
This company has come a long way
since we started it in my parents' pool house
in East Carraway.
Today, you're about to witness a new phase.
Full on, weapons grade, red alert, world domination!
Wooo!
We have put a billion people's private data
in the public domain,
and we have milked every penny we could in
the process.
Wooo!
We have one of the youngest work forces in
the world!
An average age of only fourteen point four
years.
That's not just impressive.
It's revolutionary!
Wooo!
Yay!
Today.
Right here.
We are about to make the next step!
Prepare to witness...
The future.
Dock!
The Lifeinvader mobile device.
Yes, we've invented something no one else
has ever thought of.
A small personal computerized device.
Now, you're going to be able to stay docked
twenty-four seven.
On the bus.
You can dock.
On the subway.
Stay docked.
You can be docked in at home,
and at the same time
you're docking with some kids at the public
pool.
Dock!
We went to the guys at Fruit Computers
and we told them we wanted to make our hardware
as compatible as possible.
But you know what?
They're not interested in "sharing" their
technology.
Boo!
So we went and made it compatible anyway.
Now, you can dock your Lifeinvader to an iFruit
phone or any other device,
and it'll take all the data off it
and reformat it into Lifeinvader-friendly
information.
Woooo!
Woo, woo!
At around this point in my presentation there
was meant to be a call
from my product team to introduce the device,
but we're experiencing some technical difficulties.
I hate to keep you waiting any longer,
but trust me,
it's worth it.
And don't worry,
I will fire several people for this.
Boo!